//Admin
/auth/save
/auth/check
/auth/logout
/addService
/updateStatus


//Customer
/customer/customer_save
/customer/customer_check
/customer/book

//Cleaner
/cleaner/cleaner_save
/cleaner/cleaner_check
cleaner/book



/
//Route for Admin Pages
/auth/login
/auth/register
/admin_dashboard
/admin_services
/admin_transaction

//Route for Customer Pages
/customer/customer_login
/customer/customer_register
/customer/customer_dashboard
/customer/customer_services
/customer/customer_transaction
/customer/customer_history
/customer/customer_profile

//Route for Cleaner App
/cleaner/cleaner_login
/cleaner/cleaner_register
/cleaner/cleaner_dashboard
/cleaner/cleaner_job
/cleaner/cleaner_history

});



//Route for the Sweep Welcome Page
sweep_welcome



//Route for the Admin Dashboard Page
admin_dashboard

// Route for the Services Page
admin_services

//Route for the Transaction Page
admin_transaction

//Route for the Transaction History Page
admin_transaction_history

//Route for the Cleaner Payroll Page
admin_payroll_cleaner

//Route for the Employee Payroll Page
admin_payroll_employee

//Route for the Payroll Page
admin_payroll

// Route for the User Page
admin_user

//Route for the Cleaner User Page
admin_user_cleaner

//Route for the Customer User Page
admin_user_customer


//Route for the Cleaner Login Page
cleaner/cleaner_login

//Route for the Cleaner Register Page
cleaner/cleaner_register

//Route for the Cleaner Dashboard Page
cleaner/cleaner_dashboard

//Route for the Cleaner Job Page
cleaner/cleaner_job

//Route for the Cleaner History Page
cleaner/cleaner_history

//Route for the Cleaner Profile Page
cleaner/cleaner_profile

//Route for the Customer Login Page
customer/customer_login

//Route for the Customer Register Page
customer/customer_register

//Route for the Customer Dashboard Page
customer/customer_dashboard

//Route for the Customer Services Page
customer/customer_services

//Route for the Customer Transaction Page
customer/customer_transaction

//Route for the Customer History Page
customer/customer_history

//Route for the Customer Profile Page
customer/customer_profile




